granite is one of the most resistant stones on the planet and is the
favorite of today's interior decorators
as construction material is eternal
Elegant
well its activity
min the granite factory of nature you will find many
kilometers of the track surface
pachuca
Magma accumulates pressure due to intense heat
and makes its way through the cracks of the earth's crust
as it rises it is cooling and solidifying forming create landmark
most of the granite is buried under sedimentary rocks
majority on the surface of the earth
6 the first step is to delimit a section of rock wall of 30 meters
long by 7 wide
Using gas cut long and narrow channels to free the sides
then holes of seven meters are made along the part
back and the bottom
this gets explosive wire in the holes
the explosion separates the section
then a combination of steel plate and steel hook holes is used
wedges to cut it over and over again until it gets in blocks of three
meters long by one and a half meters wide and high
the size that most granite factories can handle
he argued that the blocks may be small but each weighs more than 20
thousand kilos
Once in the factory the granite is cut into slabs
with this saw slabs of more than 5 centimeters thick are achieved
the metal segments of the blade contain diamond particles
synthetics that create the friction needed for cutting
uu the water prevents the saw from overheating is a slow process
the saw cuts less than two square meters of granite per hour
likins to cut slabs of less than five centimeters a saw is used
multiple this saw has steel blades with enough tension to not
bend under the pressure of the ica cut to cut as straight as possible
possible
the vertical saw cuts a rhythm of 8 square meters per hour
it takes three whole days to cut the blockade
mons once cut the last slab polished
this is where all the beauty of the stone will be revealed
The polishing chain has 19 heads and each of which contains six
Bricks that polish by abrasion
the polishing chain processes one square meter of granite per minute
to achieve a brilliant finish the slab goes through the 19 heads
for a semi pri finish from before it goes only for the first ten
flow for a rustic finish the slabs if they do not go through the polishing chain but
that undergo directly a glider process a jet of water prevents
the slab cracks with the heat while a propane flame goes through its
surface
this intense heat causes the quartz inside the granite to explode
creating a rough surface this technique is used to prevent a soil
what are you doing?
after the finishing, it is only necessary to cut the slabs according to the
Specifications
yes the interlaced minerals that give the stone its characteristic
mottled and its extraordinary resistance will always be an example of style
and longevity